RACK specifies a slightly larger time threshold (#4114)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

  up.

The RECOMMENDED time threshold (kTimeThreshold), expressed as a round-trip time

> multiplier, is 9/8, though RACK ({{?RACK=I-D.ietf-tcpm-rack}}) specifies a
> slightly larger threshold, equivalent to 5/4. The RECOMMENDED value of the
> timer granularity (kGranularity) is 1ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiplier, is 9/8. The RECOMMENDED value of the timer granularity
(kGranularity) is 1ms.

Note:

: TCP's RACK ({{?RACK=I-D.ietf-tcpm-rack}}) specifies a slightly larger threshold,
equivalent to 5/4, for a similar purpose. Experience with QUIC shows that 9/8
works well.
```
